# Timelog

* Text-generation with rhyme and rhythm
* Ans Farooq
* 2390370f
* Jake Lever

## Week 1

### 21 Sep 2021

* *6 hours* Read through project proposals and rank best 8 and enter bids into system

## Week 2

### 28 Sep 2021

* *2 hours* Project Guidance live sessions
* *1 hour* Read the project guidance notes

## 30 Sep 2021

* *0.5 hours* Initial meeting with supervisor

## Week 3

### 05 Oct 2021

* *3 hours* Read papers on text-generation
* *2 hours* Read blog posts to learn about language models, GPT-3, experiment with EleutherAI's GPT-J model.

### 06 Oct 2021

* *0.5 hours* Meeting with supervisor

## Week 4

### 12 Oct 2021

* *6 hours* Got started with a colab notebook, learning how to use causal language models to generate text, used GPT-2 and learnt about top-k and top-p sampling, greedy search and beam search.

### 13 Oct 2021

* *0.5 hours* Meeting with supervisor

## Week 5

### 19 Oct 2021

* *4 hours* Used RoBERTa, a masked language model, to fill in blank words in a sentence, given some starting words and ending words.

### 20 Oct 2021

* *0.5 hours* Meeting with supervisor

## Week 6

### 26 Oct 2021

* *3 hours* Combined a causal language model and a masked language model, GPT-2 and RoBERTa, to generate the starts of sentences and fill in the rest until the end rhyming word.

### 27 Oct 2021

* *0.5 hours* Meeting with supervisor
* *1 hour* Created GitHub repository and uploaded dissertation and project template from moodle

### 29 Oct 2021
* *0.5 hours* Created prototypes directory on GitHub and saved first prototype directly from Colab to GitHub

## Week 7

### 2 Nov 2021
* *5 hours* Found and used a Wikipedia Python library to get informational summaries about the user's given topic

### 3 Nov 2021

* *0.5 hours* Meeting with supervisor

## Week 8

### 9 Nov 2021

* *6 hours* Used pronouncing Python library to find rhyming words instead of using the previously hard-coded starting words and ending rhyming words.

### 10 Nov 2021

* *0.5 hours* Meeting with supervisor

## Week 9

### 16 Nov 2021

* *1 hour* Uses user input for the topic of the limerick instead of a predefined topic or predefined starting/end words

### 17 Nov 2021

* *0.5 hours* Meeting with supervisor

## Week 10

### 23 Nov 2021

* *6 hours* Used the Wikipedia Python library to get a summary of the given topic and feed it into GPT-2 as a prompt for the generation of the starts of each line.

* *0.5 hours* Finalised and saved second prototype directly from Colab to Github 

### 24 Nov 2021

* *0.5 hours* Meeting with supervisor

## Week 11

### 30 Nov 2021

* *7 hours* Spent time searching for lists of common English words to use in a word frequency list to filter out uncommon ending words generated by GPT-2.

* *2 hours* Spent time searching for ways to improve rhyme finding, experimented with different libraries and messed around with the syllables of words and sentences.

### 1 Dec 2021

* *0.5 hours* Meeting with supervisor

## Week 12

### 8 Dec 2021

* *9 hours* Instead of using the *pronouncing* Python library to find rhyming words - the code now uses NLTK cmudict *(Natural Language Toolkit: Carnegie Mellon Pronouncing Dictionary)*.

## Week 13

### 15 Dec 2021

* *10 hours* The code now repeatedly generates lines until it generates one with a decent end word, and it uses a word frequency list to filter out rare words that wouldn't have good rhymes. 

## WINTER BREAK

## Week 14

### 11 Jan 2022

* *6 hours* Instead of directly using HuggingFace Transformers' GPT-2 pre-trained language model, switched to a Python package called *aitextgen* that has specific optimisations for text generation using GPT-2.

### 12 Jan 2022

* *1 hour* Saved and uploaded third prototype directly from Colab to GitHub.

## Week 15

### 18 Jan 2022

* *7 hours* Experimented with different language models, other than GPT-2, to generate informational summaries about the user's given topic and to generate the starts of lines.

### 19 Jan 2022

* *0.5 hours* Meeting with supervisor

## Week 16

### 25 Jan 2022

* *5 hours* Tried to get the app running on HuggingFace Spaces in order to use GPT-J, as Colab doesn't have enough RAM to run GPT-J.

### 26 Jan 2022

* *0.5 hours* Meeting with supervisor

## Week 17

### 1 Feb 2022

* *4 hours* GPT-J doesn't work on HuggingFace Spaces, switched back to using aitextgen's GPT-Neo model for topic summaries to use as prompts for aitextgen's GPT-2 model to generate lines. This is alongside the already existing Wikipedia topic summary method.

### 2 Feb 2022

* *0.5 hours* Meeting with supervisor

## Week 18

### 8 Feb 2022

* *6 hours* Instead of giving the same Wikipedia summary of the given topic as a prompt for each GPT-2 line being generated, changed the code to only give it as a prompt for the first line. Then, for each subsequent line, the given prompt is the wikipedia summary plus the previously generated line.

### 9 Feb 2022

* *0.5 hours* Meeting with supervisor

## Week 19

### 15 Feb 2022

* *6 hours* Instead of using the aitextgen library, went back to using a text-generation pipeline from HuggingFace Transformers with a pre-trained GPT-2 model.

### 16 Feb 2022

* *0.5 hours* Meeting with supervisor

## Week 20

### 22 Feb 2022

* *5 hours* Changed the code so the whole app generates 2 limericks instead of one, with the only difference being the method of generating the informational summary for the user's given topic. Method A is through Wikipedia and Method B is through GPT-2's predictions.

### 23 Feb 2022

* *0.5 hours* Meeting with supervisor

## Week 21

### 1 Mar 2022

* *7 hours* Created a survey using Google Forms in order to compare both Method A (wikipedia topic summaries) and Method B (GPT-2 topic summaries) by asking respondents to compare the quality of the generated limericks. Users generate limericks themselves with their own topics via the Gradio app hosted on HuggingFace spaces.

### 2 Mar 2022

* *0.5 hours* Meeting with supervisor

## Week 22

### 8 Mar 2022

* *1 hours* Fully finalised the fourth and final prototype, fixing any bug fixes with HuggingFace Spaces and Gradio. Saved prototype directly from Colab to GitHub.

### 9 Mar 2022

* *0.5 hours* Meeting with supervisor

## Week 23

### 15 Mar 2022

* *1 hour* Began looking at dissertation, had literally zero time this week for anything project/dissertation related due to 3 different coursework deadlines in the same week.

### 16 Mar 2022

* *0.5 hours* Meeting with supervisor

## Week 24

### 22 Mar 2022

* *8 hours* Made significant progress on writing dissertation. Performed literature survey and review. Brushed up and finalised source code, codebase, git repositories etc.

### 23 Mar 2022

* *0.5 hours* Meeting with supervisor