# Level 4 Project Meeting Minutes

## Date & Time
Wed 06 Oct 2021, 4:30pm

## Attendees
Jake Lever and Ans Farooq

## Discussion

* To learn more, watch Chris Manning's Stanford lectures, they are intense but have good detail and he does a good job of explaining.

* Also take a look at contextual vectors and word vectors.

* Limericks are 5 line poems,with a  specific rhyming scheme and often have puns or silly humour.

* Better to do limericks over longer poetry or open-ended poetry as limericks are shorter, well structured, and have a well defined rhyming scheme.

* There are already some limerick generation tools such as madlibs, takes answer and puts them into stories/limericks, with a predefined template.

* It would be great if the limericks were funny or factually correct.

* Could try to format the project as a tool, just try out different approaches and see what works.

* Could possibly come up with 2 different ways of doing limerick generation and see which is better by doing a user survey, e.g is A or B better. Limericks are short so people would be happy to read them and complete the survey.

* Gpt-j eleuther is very cool but very slow. Using it in colab will take a long time to run. Can't do app etc due to resources required. Could possibly share code that people can run, or create a python package on github, or share a colab that people can use to make their own limericks.

* Use GitHub in order to show people your project, it will also be useful for a portfolio.

* Eleuther is currently the best performing one for longer form stuff.

* Another student is using this stuff for stories (wexner tan).

* Could use a smaller deep learning network for limericks. If it is small enough then it could be productised as newer smartphones are beginning to have chips for DL networks, or could be an app for PCs (stretch goal).

* At the moment, try to figure out which DL model works best: eleuther is best performing but it ran out of memory on colab, gpt2 is a smaller one. 