# Level 4 Project Meeting Minutes

## Date & Time
Wed 13 Oct 2021, 4:30pm

## Attendees
Jake Lever and Ans Farooq

## Agenda

* Discuss what has been learnt over the past week, the idea of a beam search, top-k and top-p sampling,

* Think about ways a language model could actually go about generating limericks.

## Research papers

* Write summaries of interesting papers for the background bit of the dissertation. Think about the pros and cons of each paper.

## Limerick generation method

* Generate a limerick given a topic or given rhyming words.

* Think about the input to the system. 

* Possibly come up with rhyming words from a given topic, a DL model could possibly be used to find words associated with the topic, then feed it into a language model.

* There are existing python libraries that give you rhyming words. 

* Figure out how to give it a reasonable constraint, as each line can’t be too short or too long. Limericks typically have their 3rd and 4th lines shorter than the rest.

## Causal vs Masked Language Models

* Masked language models work by filling in the blanks, such as BERT, whereas causal language models predict the next word. 

* Masked language models could be useful for limericks, e.g by giving the model parts of a limerick, such as the first word and the end rhyming word of each line and asking it to fill in the rest with cohesive English. 

* Could also entirely do it by guessing the next word, just have to explore options and throw out ones that don’t make sense.

* Look for any other masked language models, huggingface will be good for this. Some can fill in a series of words and some can only fill in one, but we want a series.

* Could pre decide the 5 rhyming words of each line, give the first word of the line then get the model to fill in the rest of the first line, then feed the model the first word of the second line with its rhyming end word and also the first line itself, then repeat.

## Eleuther

* Figure out how to use eleuther for the project, it is difficult to use as it is memory intensive. Can’t run it on the free version of colab in huggingface.

* There is another way which is a little bit weirder and harder to run.

## Beam Search

* Could possibly implement some modified version of a beam search with constraints for limericks/poetry.

* Explore all the options to get to the end of a line, and look at the rhyming scheme and see what makes sense.