# Level 4 Project Meeting Minutes

## Date & Time
Wed 20 Oct 2021, 4:30pm

## Attendees
Jake Lever and Ans Farooq

## Agenda

* Discuss progress made using Roberta, fills in blanks well when the sentence starts off meaningfully, however becomes filled with gibberish if it only has one or two words at the start.

## Improvements on Limerick generation method 

* Give the language models a couple sentences about the topic at the start to give them an idea of the topic then use a Python library for finding rhyming words for the end of each line. Could be better off using more generic words for rhyming scheme.

* Start each line in the limerick off with GPT2 then use Roberta to fill in the missing words until the end rhyming word.

## Solution to occasional gibberish limericks
* For generation tasks, one possible solution is to generate a lot of them (e.g 100 limericks about Man Utd) then come up with a ranking scheme where it decides using some criteria or ML with examples of good limericks, could be final stage, pick best 5 of 100 for example

## DALL-E
* OpenAI GPT-3 Dall-e? Describe an image and it will generate image for you

## Questions to think about
* Do you give it a bit more info about a topic e.g Man Utd, or no info and just say limerick about Man Utd? Or do you say to gpt2/gptj, "here are 5 facts about Man Utd" and then it has enough info for gpt2 and roberta to stay on topic enough?

* Maybe different tokenizers, have a go at linking gpt2 and roberta together, enough starting text for roberta to go somewhere.

* Perform literature review for joining language models together, gpt2 causal with roberta masked, can’t be the first ones.
