# Level 4 Project Meeting Minutes

## Date & Time
Wed 26 Jan 2022, 4:30pm

## Attendees
Jake Lever and Ans Farooq

## Agenda
* Discuss progress so far and plan ahead
* Giving GPT-2 examples of poetic text beforehand returns text that doesn’t sound as formal as with the wikipedia summary prompts, but it also doesn’t rhyme and the lines can be very unrelated to each other
* Using GPT-J and giving it prompts like ‘write me a poem about cricket’ or any other topic just returns a lot of random stuff. If I give it prompts of limericks then it returns poetic text in the structure of limericks, and they’re related, but they don’t rhyme.

## Suggestions:
* Limerick generation won’t be perfect at the end, will have problems and weaknesses, explain in dissertation the process, why it wasn’t so good, room to talk about the weaknesses and problems, and ideas for improvements on those
* Any ideas that are interesting, would have expected to work seemed reasonable but tried and failed miserably (good for dissertation). Might be room to talk about coming up with a bunch of different ideas for generating limericks, and some were non-starters, didn’t work. Write about what ideas could have been implemented but out of scope due to time.
* Here’s a problem, here’s a bunch of ideas I had, what worked, what didn’t and why. Set up a story so people know where you’re going with it. The way I’m gonna evaluate is this, readers can decide if you’ve answered your question.
* CS research papers/dissertations describing experiments, we want to test whether this thing is better, describe it in such ways where people can see. 
* One, preferably two ideas, that can produce alright limericks. Perform comparative user studies, qualitative, quantitative, empirical study. 
