# Level 4 Project Meeting Minutes

## Date & Time
Wed 27 Oct 2021, 4:30pm

## Attendees
Jake Lever and Ans Farooq

## Agenda

* Ask for an important or recent paper as a starting point for a lit review.
* I’m supposed to have been using version control, but I haven’t set it up yet. How exactly would that work since my work is on colab?
* I was supposed to keep my time log under version control too but not been set up.
* Was supposed to be spending around 15 hours a week on my project, but haven’t managed anywhere near that due to the sheer amount of work from the 4 other courses I am doing concurrently, (now with coursework in November).
* Do you require a written status report detailing what I’ve done that week emailed to you 24 hours before the meeting and a short recorded plan for the upcoming week sent to you after the meeting?


## Finetuning model/improving generation

* Give an opening paragraph etc from wikipedia about a topic before generating limerick, could force it to look like a news article, get it to think heavily about a topic beforehand, may produce something less random/unrelated.

## Version control

* Do some versioning of prototypes, save jupyter notebook to github repo, with some notes, what I’ve built, obvious problems, thoughts of what to try next, directory with experiments, series of models. Save directly to github from colab.

* Eventually move from notebooks to Python module people can pip themselves/github project nice to use.

## Lit Review
* Find older paper in the field, see what other papers cite that older paper (Dataset papers are useful), find poetry-related text generation papers. 

* Computational Linguistics ACL Anthology.
* https://aclanthology.org/P17-4008.pdf
* http://computationalcreativity.net/iccc2012/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/095-Colton.pdf
* https://era.ed.ac.uk/handle/1842/3460